### Single Server Network

The Client / User submits a query "www.foobar.com" in their browser.  "www.foobar.com" is a CNAME Record, or an alias for the A record "foobar.com". These records both point back to the website's IP address, which is 8.8.8.8.  If the websites IP address is not stored in the clients cache, a request is sent to DNS, which checks its logs for the CNAME / A record pair, and returns the IP address to the user. Now the client or user is able to connect to the server via the internet.  The client can place queries on the web server directly.  The server system shown above is made of 3 components.  The Web server is hosted by"nginx", the application server, and the contents of the application server (Mysql and Codebase).  When the client submits a query, it is received by the web server. The web server analyses this requests and accesses content or information as needed via the application server which has access to the database files and codebase files.  Once these resources have been accessed they are returned from the application server to the web server, and then served back to the client via the web server.

### Three Server Network (No Security)

The Client submits a request to access www.foobar.com.  This record exists in our cache from Task 0 - so communication with DNS is no longer needed. Our server can access our system with the IP address it has in its logs (8.8.8.8). Note, our server system has received a major upgrade, and we now have a load balancer helping manage the traffic between our newly installed 2 server system. Our load balancer is configured with round robin settings, which means the traffic will alternate between servers on a 1-1 basis.  This architecture also implies that the server redundancy is active. Active redundancy reduces impact of error by actively monitoring individual devices, thusly the the servers are able to share the workload.  In this instance, the servers both ave access to the same information (redundant).

### Three Server Newtork with HTTPS and Firewall

This three server system is both monitored, and protected by a firewall.  SumLogic Monitoring service provides key metrics gathered from all three of our servers.  These metrics could include accessibility, response time, and alerting of errors. This monitoring can be both preventative, but also predictive when scaling or troubleshooting.   There are 3 firewalls in place. The three firewalls monitors and controls incoming and outgoing network traffic based on pre-determined security rules. These firewalls are essentially a barrier between trusted and untrusted networks. We have configured our server security system using UFW to only allow connection to certain ports.  Previously our network was unsecured, and running only HTTP communication.  We have since obtained an SSL certificate and are now serving over HTTPS, which encrypts our data to adds an additional layer of protection from foreign visitors and cyber attacks. 
